OKTA-459954 Embedded SPA + Auth JS for React (#3054)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-in-to-spa-authjs/main/react/next-steps.md

> After you've completed a basic-sign flow React app with a custom sign-in experience using the SDK, you can extend your app's sign-in experience by adding features such as multifactor or social IdP authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete a basic-sign flow React app with a custom sign-in experience using the SDK, you can extend your app's sign-in experience by adding features such as multifactor or social IdP authentication.
```
